All right so the rest of it really is just kind of a tiny little details.
It's up to you how much detail you honestly want to put in here.
We can you know let's just pretend like this is here's the placeholder for the image.
Whoever made the video can add in text again.
Right here in the name of the video
supersecret Web cam video because they want it to be a secret but they also want the entire world to
see it.
And realistically a much wider
bear of this town has some space you can add those thumbs up and thumbs down.
Just pick an icon to put it over here.
You can even just search first thousands films is on and you can run it small.
Makes more sense right.
And can you even copy it there right next to it and then just find another icon.
THOMES again thumbs down like the video then just stick someone's face on it because it's a web cam
right.
You get the drift now.
So get widescreen whatever you can put an enormous amount of detail into balsamic if you want to.
But as you've noticed that really did not take me a lot of time and I have a wireframe of a video.
You're always you know put more time and effort into whatever you actually build yourself but once you
actually get acquainted with it hopefully by now you are acquainted you can really move at lightning
speed and you can really produce these very very quickly.
Now if I you know wanted to make the next screen at YouTube now you know I could just go up to file
clone current mock up and look I have the same exact thing and I can just move from here and start deleting
things wherever I want and changing things around there is more functionality to bosonic.
I just don't think it's something that you need to be.
You don't need an in-depth Guide to it.
You see what I did I learned you know you could learn this very quickly you could slap it together and
that's kind of the beauty of balsamic.
I don't want you to spend an enormous amount of time doing this.
This is I were kind of shying away from some of the super professional hard core wire framing services
and just moving towards this one which is just kind of fun and everybody kind of looks that it likes
the design of it once it's all done.
Now when you're done and you're happy with what you've got all you've got to do is just go up to file
and you can save it as whatever you want it to be.
Make sure to back it up if you guys are on an older computer.
Make sure that you don't have tons and tons and tons of tabs open it can really kind of slow down your
computer but otherwise just export it to whatever you want.
I like PTF that's one of the easiest to view.
Or you just do it as an image.
That's what you end up sending your graphic designer or your developer and they will think you 1000
times over.